# swagger_client

SwaggerClient - the Ruby gem for the FoneStorm API 2.2.0

Extended API Documentation: https://developer.fonestorm.com

This SDK is automatically generated by the [Swagger Codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen) project:

- API version: 2.2.0
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Build package: io.swagger.codegen.languages.RubyClientCodegen

## Installation

### Build a gem

To build the Ruby code into a gem:

```shell
gem build swagger_client.gemspec
```

Then either install the gem locally:

```shell
gem install ./swagger_client-1.0.0.gem
```
(for development, run `gem install --dev ./swagger_client-1.0.0.gem` to install the development dependencies)

or publish the gem to a gem hosting service, e.g. [RubyGems](https://rubygems.org/).

Finally add this to the Gemfile:

    gem 'swagger_client', '~> 1.0.0'

### Install from Git

If the Ruby gem is hosted at a git repository: https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID, then add the following in the Gemfile:

    gem 'swagger_client', :git => 'https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID.git'

### Include the Ruby code directly

Include the Ruby code directly using `-I` as follows:

```shell
ruby -Ilib script.rb
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) procedure and then run the following code:
```ruby
# Load the gem
require 'swagger_client'

api_instance = SwaggerClient::AuthApi.new

username = "username_example" # String | FracTEL username

password = "password_example" # String | FracTEL password

opts = { 
  expires: 56 # Integer | FracTEL Token Life Time in Seconds | Default is 3600 seconds | Maximum is 24 hours
}

begin
  #Create a FoneStorm authentication token.
  result = api_instance.post_auth(username, password, opts)
  p result
rescue SwaggerClient::ApiError => e
  puts "Exception when calling AuthApi->post_auth: #{e}"
end

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://dev-api.fractel.net/edge*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*SwaggerClient::AuthApi* | [**post_auth**](docs/AuthApi.md#post_auth) | **POST** /auth | Create a FoneStorm authentication token.
*SwaggerClient::CallsApi* | [**post_calls**](docs/CallsApi.md#post_calls) | **POST** /calls | Create a new call under the account.
*SwaggerClient::CallsApi* | [**post_calls_receive_notify**](docs/CallsApi.md#post_calls_receive_notify) | **POST** /calls/receive_notify | Configure the callback URL to notify when a call is received.
*SwaggerClient::CallsApi* | [**post_calls_send_notify**](docs/CallsApi.md#post_calls_send_notify) | **POST** /calls/send_notify | Configure the callback URL to notify when a call is made.
*SwaggerClient::FaxesApi* | [**post_faxes**](docs/FaxesApi.md#post_faxes) | **POST** /faxes | Create a new fax under the account.
*SwaggerClient::FaxesApi* | [**post_faxes_receive_notify**](docs/FaxesApi.md#post_faxes_receive_notify) | **POST** /faxes/receive_notify | Configure the callback URL to notify when a fax is received.
*SwaggerClient::FaxesApi* | [**post_faxes_send_notify**](docs/FaxesApi.md#post_faxes_send_notify) | **POST** /faxes/send_notify | Configure the callback URL to notify when a fax is made.
*SwaggerClient::FonenumbersApi* | [**delete_fonenumbers_fonenumber**](docs/FonenumbersApi.md#delete_fonenumbers_fonenumber) | **DELETE** /fonenumbers/{fonenumber} | Delete a fonenumber identified by fonenumber.
*SwaggerClient::FonenumbersApi* | [**get_fonenumbers**](docs/FonenumbersApi.md#get_fonenumbers) | **GET** /fonenumbers | Get a list of all active fonenumbers under the account.
*SwaggerClient::FonenumbersApi* | [**get_fonenumbers_fonenumber**](docs/FonenumbersApi.md#get_fonenumbers_fonenumber) | **GET** /fonenumbers/{fonenumber} | Get a fonenumber identified by fonenumber.
*SwaggerClient::FonenumbersApi* | [**post_fonenumbers**](docs/FonenumbersApi.md#post_fonenumbers) | **POST** /fonenumbers | Create a fonenumber under the account.
*SwaggerClient::FonenumbersApi* | [**put_fonenumbers_fonenumber**](docs/FonenumbersApi.md#put_fonenumbers_fonenumber) | **PUT** /fonenumbers/{fonenumber} | Update a fonenumber identified by fonenumber.
*SwaggerClient::MessagesApi* | [**post_messages_receive**](docs/MessagesApi.md#post_messages_receive) | **POST** /messages/receive | Configure the delivery service type used as the destination for received messages.
*SwaggerClient::MessagesApi* | [**post_messages_receive_notify**](docs/MessagesApi.md#post_messages_receive_notify) | **POST** /messages/receive_notify | Configure the callback URL to notify when a message is received.
*SwaggerClient::MessagesApi* | [**post_messages_send**](docs/MessagesApi.md#post_messages_send) | **POST** /messages/send | Send an SMS or MMS message to a recipient.
*SwaggerClient::MessagesApi* | [**post_messages_send_notify**](docs/MessagesApi.md#post_messages_send_notify) | **POST** /messages/send_notify | Configure the callback URL to notify when a message is sent.


## Documentation for Models



## Documentation for Authorization


### jwt

- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: token
- **Location**: HTTP header

