# fone_storm_api_220

FoneStormApi220 - JavaScript client for fone_storm_api_220
Extended API Documentation: https://developer.fonestorm.com
This SDK is automatically generated by the [Swagger Codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen) project:

- API version: 2.2.0
- Package version: 2.2.0
- Build package: io.swagger.codegen.languages.JavascriptClientCodegen

## Installation

### For [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)

#### npm

To publish the library as a [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/),
please follow the procedure in ["Publishing npm packages"](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

Then install it via:

```shell
npm install fone_storm_api_220 --save
```

##### Local development

To use the library locally without publishing to a remote npm registry, first install the dependencies by changing 
into the directory containing `package.json` (and this README). Let's call this `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`. Then run:

```shell
npm install
```

Next, [link](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/link) it globally in npm with the following, also from `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`:

```shell
npm link
```

Finally, switch to the directory you want to use your fone_storm_api_220 from, and run:

```shell
npm link /path/to/<JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR>
```

You should now be able to `require('fone_storm_api_220')` in javascript files from the directory you ran the last 
command above from.

#### git
#
If the library is hosted at a git repository, e.g.
https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID
then install it via:

```shell
    npm install GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID --save
```

### For browser

The library also works in the browser environment via npm and [browserify](http://browserify.org/). After following
the above steps with Node.js and installing browserify with `npm install -g browserify`,
perform the following (assuming *main.js* is your entry file, that's to say your javascript file where you actually 
use this library):

```shell
browserify main.js > bundle.js
```

Then include *bundle.js* in the HTML pages.

### Webpack Configuration

Using Webpack you may encounter the following error: "Module not found: Error:
Cannot resolve module", most certainly you should disable AMD loader. Add/merge
the following section to your webpack config:

```javascript
module: {
  rules: [
    {
      parser: {
        amd: false
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following JS code:

```javascript
var FoneStormApi220 = require('fone_storm_api_220');

var api = new FoneStormApi220.AuthApi()

var username = "username_example"; // {String} FracTEL username

var password = "password_example"; // {String} FracTEL password

var opts = { 
  'expires': 56 // {Number} FracTEL Token Life Time in Seconds | Default is 3600 seconds | Maximum is 24 hours
};

var callback = function(error, data, response) {
  if (error) {
    console.error(error);
  } else {
    console.log('API called successfully. Returned data: ' + data);
  }
};
api.postAuth(username, password, opts, callback);

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://dev-api.fractel.net/edge*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*FoneStormApi220.AuthApi* | [**postAuth**](docs/AuthApi.md#postAuth) | **POST** /auth | Create a FoneStorm authentication token.
*FoneStormApi220.CallsApi* | [**postCalls**](docs/CallsApi.md#postCalls) | **POST** /calls | Create a new call under the account.
*FoneStormApi220.CallsApi* | [**postCallsReceiveNotify**](docs/CallsApi.md#postCallsReceiveNotify) | **POST** /calls/receive_notify | Configure the callback URL to notify when a call is received.
*FoneStormApi220.CallsApi* | [**postCallsSendNotify**](docs/CallsApi.md#postCallsSendNotify) | **POST** /calls/send_notify | Configure the callback URL to notify when a call is made.
*FoneStormApi220.FaxesApi* | [**postFaxes**](docs/FaxesApi.md#postFaxes) | **POST** /faxes | Create a new fax under the account.
*FoneStormApi220.FaxesApi* | [**postFaxesReceiveNotify**](docs/FaxesApi.md#postFaxesReceiveNotify) | **POST** /faxes/receive_notify | Configure the callback URL to notify when a fax is received.
*FoneStormApi220.FaxesApi* | [**postFaxesSendNotify**](docs/FaxesApi.md#postFaxesSendNotify) | **POST** /faxes/send_notify | Configure the callback URL to notify when a fax is made.
*FoneStormApi220.FonenumbersApi* | [**deleteFonenumbersFonenumber**](docs/FonenumbersApi.md#deleteFonenumbersFonenumber) | **DELETE** /fonenumbers/{fonenumber} | Delete a fonenumber identified by fonenumber.
*FoneStormApi220.FonenumbersApi* | [**getFonenumbers**](docs/FonenumbersApi.md#getFonenumbers) | **GET** /fonenumbers | Get a list of all active fonenumbers under the account.
*FoneStormApi220.FonenumbersApi* | [**getFonenumbersFonenumber**](docs/FonenumbersApi.md#getFonenumbersFonenumber) | **GET** /fonenumbers/{fonenumber} | Get a fonenumber identified by fonenumber.
*FoneStormApi220.FonenumbersApi* | [**postFonenumbers**](docs/FonenumbersApi.md#postFonenumbers) | **POST** /fonenumbers | Create a fonenumber under the account.
*FoneStormApi220.FonenumbersApi* | [**putFonenumbersFonenumber**](docs/FonenumbersApi.md#putFonenumbersFonenumber) | **PUT** /fonenumbers/{fonenumber} | Update a fonenumber identified by fonenumber.
*FoneStormApi220.MessagesApi* | [**postMessagesReceive**](docs/MessagesApi.md#postMessagesReceive) | **POST** /messages/receive | Configure the delivery service type used as the destination for received messages.
*FoneStormApi220.MessagesApi* | [**postMessagesReceiveNotify**](docs/MessagesApi.md#postMessagesReceiveNotify) | **POST** /messages/receive_notify | Configure the callback URL to notify when a message is received.
*FoneStormApi220.MessagesApi* | [**postMessagesSend**](docs/MessagesApi.md#postMessagesSend) | **POST** /messages/send | Send an SMS or MMS message to a recipient.
*FoneStormApi220.MessagesApi* | [**postMessagesSendNotify**](docs/MessagesApi.md#postMessagesSendNotify) | **POST** /messages/send_notify | Configure the callback URL to notify when a message is sent.


## Documentation for Models



## Documentation for Authorization


### jwt

- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: token
- **Location**: HTTP header

